# Austin Hendricks
## KDE Direct Questions

### Ordered Binary Tree
My initial thought was to separate my tree struct from the .c file to maintain readability, however, I only needed one simple struct so I kept it within the .c file. Next, I implemented a quick and simple insert function that reflected the prototype given. I was struggling to come up with a way to keep track of the same tree without being able to return it due to the insert function being a void type, so I reached out to a professor who recommended I change the insert function to use a double pointer for the struct tree_t instead. Finally, I decided to traverse the tree in order and simply print the values. I understand that I was given a specific prototype to follow, however, I was unsure of how to continue without making the recommended change.

### Maximal Contiguous Sum
Before I explain the process of solving this issue, I'd like to state that I have never touched JavaScript, so my initial time was spent getting some basic syntax under my belt. So, starting this problem off, I realized that attempting to think it out was quite difficult, so I had to draw the example array and walk through it. After drawing it out, I was able to write the majority of the solution, getting stuck dealing with the temporary sum (cur_sum). I assumed that a nested for loop would be necessary to keep track of stepping through the array, although I know this would immediately constrict the complexity. I don't believe this is by any means the fastest implementation, but the steps I used are what made the most sense when drawing it out, even if it is a bit brutish. 

### Array Bitpacking
Right off the bat, I struggled to understand all aspects of this problem, so I jumped to Stackoverflow to get some idea of what I was dealing with. I had never heard of bitpacking before, but I assumed it was a sort of compression being done to maximize available space. Furthermore, since I had no initial headway, after doing some searching I came across a user on Stackoverflow recommending bit masks and bit shifting. I know we discussed bit shifting in CS162 but haven't touched back on them in some time, so it was quite foggy for me. In the end, I am still unsure of how to implement the solution to this problem, but I wrote out some psuedocode to explain how I (assume) it works.